The Kingdom of the Samurai
The title of this country has now become the past
20 years ago. the Jiang of peace suddenly appeared.
Aliens from Outer space.
We call them "heaven and Man."
Heaven and man to develop Jiang
The shogunate gave in to heaven. and gradually became a puppet
The busy war that once erupted to expel heaven and man
Many of the most valiant Patriots appeared.
But the casualties. the final declaration of defeat
Heaven and man worried about the uprising reappearance. promulgated the Waste Knife order
Leading to a decline in the warrior's path
Wrong! Wrong again!
Chimpanzees and amoeba are better than you to hit the cash register.
Sorry. I've only learned fencing ...
Fool!
Fencing is completely useless in the present Edo.
Not to mention Samurai! Worse than dog poop!
Without the sword and status. the warrior loses his dignity.
Boss. forget the cash register and get me some milk.
Yes. right away.
Bring the milk to the tea-fighting orchid man!
Is
Hey. this guy's not just a cash register.
I'm really sorry.
My noble clothes are stained with milk.
You know. the rags and clothes that are stained with milk will stink.
I am sorry
Don't wipe me with a dirty rag!
Apologize! Apologize now!
No. not just the samurai.
The people here must be ...
Who are you?
(Dong Ye hu)
What do you want? Not afraid to violate the Waste knife order!
This is a wooden knife.
Meow Meow is noisy. you are in a rut
You see
Who told you to keep arguing?
My chocolate sundae ...
Got fucked up.
You don't know who we are. people.
I'm
The doctor said the blood sugar was too high.
You can only have one sundae a week.
The man said he was a samurai. too rough.
That's a rogue. The eyes are too righteous.
Shop long!
Your family's sundae.
It smells good.
But the cereal is too much to eat.
And then they chew and they're all in the mouth.
Please increase the ratio of cream and ice cream
Four-eyed frog!
Come on
He is.
In the War of busy Yi
By the name of White. Megatron.
Heaven and man occupy this city
Alone in Edo.
Like a stray dog.
Tonight
Sometimes teeth fight. blood boiling!
Hey!
What's the beginning of this movie? Why only you!
Because I'm the protagonist. handsome to break up
No. the texture is too low.
It's a karaoke band with Aru.
No way. I cut it with my computer.
Don't put your computer cut on the big screen!
And how many names do you have?
People are the main character.
The last one to read Aru.
The last is Arabic. the first is Korean
I didn't ask you to explain.
Singing so bad. you probably sing it yourself.
Who are you talking about?
The scene at the beginning of the restaurant was very unnecessary. Aru.
God Le. some viewers may not have read the original.
Yes. the original fans are not so lenient.
But don't forget. the average audience is very generous.
That's right.
Let me introduce you.
After we met at the restaurant.
I went to a to be an assistant in the house.
My name is Chi Village new eight
I used to open a fencing dojo in my hometown.
You're going to have to tell me.
I'm the heroine of the silver soul.
- God cuisine!
- Don't talk like a cedar dish. okay?
God's music is actually the night-Rabbit clan of Heaven and Man
A powerful alien.
But it's lovely. Aru.
Work in the House for some reason
Thousand Years of God's joy. please see a miracle
Seems to have seen it somewhere.
- God cuisine!
- Don't treat her like a cedar.
So the first and last silver soul reality movie
Who dares to leave the field was found
JoJo Adventures x Lang don't want to see
Don't intimidate the audience.
Next
Countdown starts!
This will definitely irritate TBS Aru.
(The House of Silver to catch the unicorn!)
(sugar)
(Strawberry milk)
Go and catch the unicorn!
Everyone catches a unicorn in his childhood.
I want a new unicorn.
My McCartney. 28th. was robbed at noon. Aru.
So I want to catch the unicorn. do you agree?
Why do you agree?
Four-eyed frog!
The glasses are flying.
Okay. don't argue.
When I catch the oversized unicorn
Come back to the city.
But your McCartney 28th.
It's actually a dung beetle.
Shut up
It's flying again.
To interview Mr. Sambon. who found the rare unicorn.
God. listen to me.
We adults
Can't chase the Unicorn with pure heart
Then get back.
A boy with a young heart has a woman to love.
It's okay. I don't need it.
The unicorn was found in the forest yesterday.
It's worth it to buy a car.
Is this unicorn so powerful?
I don't care!
Come and help me. Aru.
I didn't think there was a treasure in the forest nearby.
It's a diamond in the forest!
Unicorn Unicorn ...
Oh. God. don't make any unnecessary struggles.
Let's go catch the unicorn!
Hey. you two.
We're going to grab a bunch of back and sell a good price!
I just want a replacement for the 28th.
Listen to me.
No big unicorn. no going back!
This is a business! Not to play!
The heart of God. the interests of the hearts of silver. but no.
Anyway. it's good to catch a unicorn.
All right. Aru.
But the forest is magical.
Lurking in all kinds of danger
You must be careful.
I didn't think it would be so hard to find Aru.
There's no easy catch?
The whole body is full of honey.
Stupid. that's just a freak.
(true election group director Kondo Hoon)
(Director and new eight sister a wonderful stalker)
(nicknamed Gorilla)
What is that?
Mr. Gorilla. what are you doing?
Don't you see? I'm a tree.
is to see you are not a tree to talk to you.
You're wearing too much honey.
As the director of the Kang election group. is that good?
- The tree is not talking. Aru.
- Mr. Kondo is so beautiful.
It's disgusting.
You're really beautiful. Mr. Kondo.
The feeling of seeing something dirty
When he's a leprechaun. a tree demon or something.
He's a gorilla. Aru.
That's the ape demon. protecting gorillas in his way.
Protecting gorillas.
(True choice of ghost of the Deputy Long earth 14 lang)
(Life cannot be without mayonnaise)
Does the unicorn like mayonnaise?
Why are you so fond of even a unicorn?
He's going to lick himself out anyway.
It's disgusting. Aru.
I don't see it.
My eyes are sour.
This forest feels weird.
It could be a nicotine poisoning. Aru.
That's the nicotine monster.
Devil's-old chicken chicken
There it is!
It's too big.
God Le. you come!
Give it to me. Aru.
Invincible Aru! The Unicorn duel must win Aru!
Big enough to build a house.
Leave me alone. boss.
Captain Chong Tian!
(The team Captain addition)
(Sadistic sadistic)
What are you doing?
Can't you see?
No. I just see you're stupid.
Just pull me up.
So blind.
Stand
The plans to disguise as companions close to the unicorn have failed.
Hey! What are you doing in this forest?
I just wanted to ask you guys.
What the hell are you doing?
You're 500 million times times more suspicious than we are.
What are you doing?
I don't need to explain.
We're catching the unicorn.
So much to say.
I can't tell you more.
The general raised the Unicorn glass pill and escaped.
He said it all.
Won't say much more.
The glass pill is a glittering unicorn
Kondo Chief! No More!
You guys are so abusive.
The police collect the people's taxes in broad daylight to find the unicorn
Just flew over?
If you catch the general's pet.
How much will the bounty be?
You're not supposed to be messing with me.
Go after it!
Nice try!
The general's pet was taken by the people.
Never let him escape!
(Zhi Cun Miao Xin BA's sister)
(Guarding the Fencing dojo and younger brother left by the dead father)
(Fortitude and terrible woman)
Miss Ahmian-Kondo. not over there!
What do you want?
My farts shine on the golden honey
Look at my butt. please.
My mother!
Roller!
Miss Ahmian!
(Little Taro) Elizabeth. the samurai must not be moved for money.
Diet emphasizes simplicity ...
(The busy patriots who fought against the heaven and the Silver together)
(still engaged in underground busy activities)
(Elizabeth. the mysterious alien creature. the pet of Gui?)
Wig. Duck!
I'm not a wig! My name is Gui!
Silver. are you hunted?
Let me help you.
Take your life.
Gui!
Don't worry. I used the knife.
I didn't expect to meet you in this place.
The busy of the Patriots ...
Elizabeth. we're running!
I can't spare you every time.
No running!
You're not allowed to meet the general's pet.
So fast! Greed's A is the usual six times times.
Twice times the Chaya?
Nice try!
Come on
No way
Why mobilize. stupid cop?
But having a unicorn as a pet is really bad fun.
Your pet Q-Tai is not.
It's not called Q Tai. it's Elizabeth.
Anyway. there's nothing to worry about now.
Sorry to have bothered you.
In the daytime with the real choice of the bar. of course. worry
We're not going to do anything to be hunted by them.
Speaking of the Unicorn ...
When I was a kid. I caught him.
(Panasonic enters)
You will meet all kinds of difficulties and challenges in your future life.
It's up to you to decide what to do.
Just
The teacher wants you to remember one thing.
(Junior Bushido)
Would you want to go back to that? Silver Time
Not at all.
Kitanson
Advocating heretical thoughts violating the shogunate
and the Code of Heaven and Man
As an insurrection. punishable by imprisonment.
Also
Even if I go back. it's just sad.
The shogunate or the situation?
Silver. Gui! Back there. Backup!
Gaoshan. are you going to live alone?
Do not die!
We have a reason not to live.
You're the White fork.
Why do you want to
To gamble on your own life?
Is that a word?
To save our mentor.
You're not going to do me any harm.
And no more trouble for the new eight and God.
It's God's pleasure to say he wants to catch the unicorn.
Your nostrils are so fierce.
It's going to grow.
Don't Luantan!
Don't wipe it!
All right
Thanks for the advice. by the way.
There's been a random homicide around here lately.
Because the wig looks like a chick.
Not a wig. my name is Gui.
And I'm not the one who's going to be chopped off.
All right
See you next time.
Excuse me
Excuse me. is that a little taro. sir?
You're mistaken.
Don't worry. I'm not the Shogun's lackey.
It's a mad dog that craves blood.
I heard there were random killers around here.
I advise you to choose the biting object.
Unfortunately
My partner and I are going to want your strong blood.
Do you want to
A contest with me?
Your knife ...!
Oh. that's so weak.
The next one is a random homicide
that was rumored to be a recent event
Last night in Edo. please connect with the scene
Scene of the Knot Wild Host (the main broadcast with the anus)
(Edo recurrence of random killings) Yes. I was the field of the knot wild
Please call yourself a wild anchor (ANUS)
Yes. I'm the anus at the scene.
The presumption of murder occurred last night in Shing.
From the victim's injury.
The killer is a random killer who's been spotted in the alley lately.
Have you identified the identity of the victim?
Not yet.
Please don't forget to introduce yourself!
Yes. I'm an anus.
The identity of the deceased has not yet been obtained.
How many people are this?
Even though they were attacked by samurai Ronin.
But you can't go out tonight.
Q-Tai. why did he not speak?
A. his name is Elizabeth.
Strange that comics and animations look very fit
Why a real-man movie has a strong Sense
No. I can't deny it.
The reality version has become so murderous Aru
Coffee. please.
No response.
Will the people inside be hot and faint. Aru?
You can't talk about people inside.
It's all about Q-Tai.
I feel like I can eat 50 bowls of rice.
Feel super scared of dogs
Should not ...
He went on to play Q-Tai's real-version starring?
Well. there's a threat! It's more fun than that!
Douron must be around here. right? Where is it? Douron out!
Please calm down!
This is supposed to be true. Elizabeth.
He said nothing.
Looks like a bad idea.
Hey. I'm silver from the house.
New Eight! I have to use the killer.
No. that's silver.
No matter what. he's not too old.
If you drink that stuff. you're going to get diabetes.
Indeed. it is our duty to manage his health.
Okay. I'll be right there.
I'm going out.
Your face is calm. but you have blood.
Where are you going. Aru?
To work.
Lie! You want to go out on your own!
I'll give it to you later.
New eight. now it's a good chance.
Come on. drink strawberry milk.
(This is Silver's)
Elizabeth. listen up.
A samurai can eat simple bread and vegetables.
If you drink strawberry milk and eat the sweets of the sundae.
The body and soul will follow the fall
He's crying.
Good work. Aru! New Eight!
Why do you cry when you see strawberry milk?
(knife forging and metallurgy)
I'm sorry. I'm silver from the house.
Sorry. I'm the A of the house!
What the?
I'm the house that just got your call!
We didn't sign up for dinner.
I'm not a TV location host.
I'm not having an affair!
I'm not a weekly Wen Chun!
Can't you hear me? Fool! Big idiot!
That was a very rude moment.
The work was sweaty and the hand slipped.
I'm so sorry.
No
Forgot to introduce
Our brother and sister forged swords together.
I'm brother's. Iron vector in Murata
Next to this is ...
You're not going to say hello. son.
You don't introduce yourself. how do you know how to call you?
Tiezi!
Brother. you said it. and it's loud.
I know her name is Tiezi.
I am sorry! Mr. Ban Tian!
My sister is shy.
Never mind
Now there's a knife. and it's hard to forge.
So! I would like to entrust you with your work today.
Are you listening to someone?
In fact. my father forged the masterpiece "Red Cherry"
Stolen by the celebrities.
Oh? What is "Red cherry"?
I want you to help me get it back.
Ah. what? Still don't hear me?
Red Cherry is ...
The strongest sword maker in Edo.
my father's works of benevolence and iron
Known as the pinnacle of the sword
Sharp blades can cut off rocks.
Light Red in the Moonlight
The knife is like a night cherry gorgeous
is to put a unique name knife
Good. so you have a clue to the thief?
But the red cherry isn't a random touch.
Brother. listen to what they say. okay?
As far as I know
My father died one months after he made Red cherry.
Then all the people associated with the red cherry will be unlucky.
The knife!
Will suck the soul of the Demon knife!
Wait. give me a break.
Doesn't that mean I'm going to get into trouble?
Please bring it back before the red cherry causes disaster.
Obedient! Listen to me.please!
Talk to my brother.
Oh. yes?
I told you.
Brother!
A little chin.
More like a pig wood.
Brother! How are you!
It's noisy.
Come on. you bastards.
Blood. Is that a little taro thing?
Here this morning?
So ...
(The body would not be ...)
Elizabeth. you should know better.
The roadside ronin can't kill Laurel.
But it's not a simple case of Aru.
If you don't find him. you're in danger.
(Maybe it's too late)
No nonsense!
You don't believe in Gui.
What you should do now!
What do you do for Gui?
You say!
It's killing me.
Get out of here or chop you up into meat.
I am sorry!
New eight. I'll go with the spring to find the whereabouts of the wig.
Elizabeth and the random homicide.
(Earth defense Base second-hand recycling shop)
I thought it was going to be resold.
Not the pawn shop.
In that case ...
Are you looking for something?
I am working
Nothing to do with you.
The general distressed glass pill was eaten
We don't have a good day.
It's none of my business.
Congratulations. your business is booming.
But be careful.
Recent random killings prevail
Someone saw the madman cut off from afar.
The knife he had in his hand.
Not so much a knife as a creature.
Shining red in the Moonlight
That guy ...
Boss!
What are you spying on?
Not at all.
Lie! Your face is a lie!
(Down to kill the devil)
Hey. Elizabeth. I've got the meat bag.
(I only eat 551 Penglai pork bag)
Don't talk about this Kansai talent.
Where's the super dealer? 551
Please eat the usual meat bag first.
Did the killer show up?
But you're a big coward.
Trying to direct the fate of Gui to the murderer.
I'm not sure the killer is the murderer.
(Hide behind My back)
(The one who stands behind me will die)
You told me to stand there.
Well. it's not a big night.
All right. I'll go ahead.
Hey
What are you doing in the Dark alley?
That's suspicious!
It's a night patrol. don't scare me.
I'm relieved.
Ann What Heart
I'm doubting you! Public Power!
Do you know that this area recently ...
There's always a random killer.
Elizabeth!
It's my turn to be this guy.
Random Homicide is
Do not pick the object of ...
Hey. what are you doing to my guest?
You are... Chop people like hide!
Oh. dear.
I guess I'm a celebrity too.
That's true.
Your wanted posters are everywhere.
You got the random homicide?
But... Silver. why are you here?
We seem to be in agreement with each other.
I'm so glad you came to me in particular.
I hear this demon knife will bring Henghuo.
I didn't think I could summon the strong.
Especially you.
So I'm going to be
For me. maybe a knife.
Where's Gui? What did you do to Gui?
Is he your friend?
That's so sorry.
I'm so happy with my new knife.
Kill him accidentally.
Wigs don't lose to you.
Don't get mad. I apologized.
That's right
You see
I'll give you his hair.
I cut it off to be a souvenir.
He'll be happier when you're in your hands.
But is Guijin a man?
This black hair is slippery and smooth.
It's as if a chick ...
Don't make me say the same thing.
A wig can't be lost to a bastard like you.
Yes. I'm not his opponent.
So it wasn't me who killed him.
I just borrowed my body.
Lent it to "Red cherry."
Spring. it's dark. Aru.
Go back to Silver. they'll be worried.
... May not
should not
The wig must be safe. Aru.
He's not going to die at random. Aru.
Let's go back today.
Ding Chun?
Is there a wig on this side of the spring?
Where did this ship come from?
It's big!
Hey. did you find it?
No. Okada may have a seizure.
That man is terrible.
He bragged about killing his little taro.
I'm not surprised.
I blame you for not watching him.
The existence of that was found to be a bad thing.
Spring. return to the House of a and bring them to Aru.
Can't be ticked off by cute puppies.
You can't go up and twist your hips.
Okay. let's go.
Right!
The radar rang. and I had to follow the feeling of Aru.
No way to work in a hungry belly.
Bald old man. ramen noodles three bowls!
I'm not bald.
That's weird.
Are you really the legendary busy white fork?
Let me ask you. is that really a knife?
They say it's not a knife. it's a creature.
Stop joking! That's not biology.
It's a monster!
Yes. it's not just a sword that solves it.
It's not a confrontation.
It's killing!
A!
Hey. this is over.
No way
Cheat. a Be ...
A silver ...
Did Jiang harm your skill?
Whether it's a white fork or a Gui.
Where are the legends of the busy war?
That person must be disappointed. too.
The old comrades were in the same row.
You useless warriors have made the country decay.
If I were to assist the man.
The country will not be ruined.
What morality?
The samurai don't need these silly sentiments.
Warriors need swords.
You're not good enough to be a samurai.
A lazy warrior is best to disappear from this country.
Whose sword is broken?
I have a sword.
To the last-hand killer.
Oh. my arm is flying.
Little Sungozhen is too
You come closer and try again! Chop off your left hand!
I'm the real choice.
You're Okada.
Somebody's in the way.
Next time. battle.
Catch up!
A
Boss. you're here.
Cheer Up! A!
Damn. I should have come earlier.
New Eight
I knew you could do it.
Move him together.
Good
(Special Police Select Group Tun)
The rumor seems to be real.
Rumors?
Gaoshan back to Edo.
What the?
The most radical and dangerous man in busy.
Case Help
I hear he's got the chop.
The one who cut it like a hide?
I just saw a fight with the house.
Absolutely no mistake. that is to chop people like hide
Not just the Okada.
The smell of red bullets came to the island.
To the rise of the eccentric strategist. the city flattened too
It is said that Gao Shan courted them
Ready to resurrect the Ghost Corps.
The Ghost Corps?
Gaoshan in the busy war.
The name of the team is strong as the devil
What's the point of being a team?
His aim is probably to organize armed groups to trigger a coup.
Kondo Director
That guy's dangerous.
Konggang is so strong. it's not good.
And even the owner of the house can't fix him.
They love how to clear busy Yi Ronin. I have no opinion
But the coup was a different story.
A year to collect their love thoroughly
Roger that
Yes. Chief Kondo.
Can you not be naked when you practice your sword?
Hey. I'm asking you.
Are you the crew of this ship?
Help me lead the way.
Or be careful with your head.
Hey. you hear me?
The moon is big and round tonight
I thought the full moon would fetch the princess.
I didn't expect a wayward little princess.
Bad. this guy feels dangerous. Aru.
Kid! Where did you come from?
I'm not going to let a sneak attack.
Put the gun down!
You won McGraw the island.
Your skirt is beautiful.
My dirty underwear is out of my sight.
Come on. you want to distract yourself!
Absolutely impossible! I change my underwear every day!
No. there's a trace.
Dirty Ghost.
Dirty underwear.
Dirty underwear. sister.
Damn it!
You're not allowed to slander me in front of the grown-ups!
Jin. don't believe this kid!
Look at you.
Panties are dirty.
Damn it!
Don't dig your nostrils at the foot of the man!
I obviously change every day. strange ...
Dead Kid!
Wu Shi Senior
Guys. you can't kill her.
The killing of women and children is a disgrace to the samurai
Take it alive.
Predecessors!
You. Lori. hold your control.
They're all invading the door.
I'm not Lori. I'm a feminist.
It's my idea to be gentle with women. both enemies.
Wig! Where are you. Aru?
Here you are!
Back to me in the words of Aru!
Take it now! Get her!
It's hard. kid.
Wig! Wait. whoa!
I'll save you!
Oh. no. she ran to the factory.
What is this place?
You can't go back alive when you see that thing.
A sword used only for self-defense.
(Junior Bushido)
We're not protecting ourselves.
It's dignity and things that matter to you.
Silver Time
Can't you hear me?
The Sound
Oh. I hear you.
In my Heart
The dark monsters are still suffering.
I can only keep destroying
Until the monster stops moaning.
It hurts
You're waking up.
That's great
You're not moving. I thought you were going to die.
How you doing? Is consciousness clear?
Do you know who I am?
A woman who cooks hard to eat
What are you doing here?
Ah. new. please.
He wants me to take care of you.
How do you take care of a patient with a kusanagi knife?
A new command.
He said you had to keep quiet.
Stop me what?
Breathe?
Love Jokes
And the spirit of joking.
Is that a joke?
All right. I'll read you seven Dragonball.
A lot of sound words
Good realism ...
It's over?
Scare me.
- I'm not going to lose!
- Please don't study Foley.
No. No.
Hey? What about the new eight and the divine music?
Something to get out of here.
Don't worry. just lie down.
They're looking for wigs.
I told you not to move!
Who's responsible for the cut?
Kidding. huh?
You're kidding.
He has
You're not laughing.
Ding Chun
If only I had already saved her.
Maybe it's not bad. maybe even I was killed.
Elizabeth was cut in half and disappeared.
Will extraterrestrial life die out?
You tell me.
You don't know the answer.
This big ship. huh?
Is there a taste of cinnamon here?
So God is happy in there?
I'm going to save her.
How to sneak in.
A lot of ronin. each one face fierce
Hey. what are the kids and the big dogs doing here?
That ship is so cool!
Yes. it's cool!
I want to go up.
I adore the ancient times of the cosmic battleship.
- Really fake?
- Really
I like the island you're the pie.
I envy the man who can ship.
"Ancient times. only you can hit the wave cannon."
Island. you're right.
"Yes. please follow me."
Forward!
Who's going to give you a lift?
- It's better to give you a ride!
- Oops
Inversion is important.
I'm not going to let you ride.
You have a really strong groove.
Shut up! Four-eyed frog!
You're not qualified to comment on my groove skill.
Get the hell out!
Roller!
A sudden rage ...
What about the guard?
If you don't hurry up. even God's music is in trouble ...
But I can't talk to a.
It's time to pay the rent.
Good
You first.
I don't want
I'm a trauma patient.
As the saying goes. "help wounded Xianchan."
Never heard of it.
That ... You help me find a reason to stall.
All right
Here it comes
Oh. not the mother-in-law.
What's the matter with you?
Excuse me...
If you're looking for a ...
I am here
Hey. come on in.
I knew you'd come.
You're a real ugly fix.
Take the red cherry and get hurt. and dare to escape.
So you ...
Ready to cut the belly apology? Okada
I'm going to take my red cherry back even if I lose my arm.
I wish I could be praised.
It's worth it to accumulate some experience.
You've been so in love lately.
What if the Shogun's lackeys knew about the existence of red cherry?
When you were sparring with Bantian. there was a real choice.
You will hinder Your Excellency's help!
Really
From Gui to Bantian
A preference for an object that stimulates the help of a grown-up.
What the hell are you thinking?
You think you're strong? Less narcissistic over there.
You can win Gui and Ban Tian. all are red cherry ...
Oh
Don't blame me.
I didn't do it.
It's red cherry.
The extent of its recent intrusion has increased
Seems to have taken my body as its own.
You'd better pay attention to my speech.
You came to me to tell the truth.
Now. don't lie to me. it's just a demon knife.
What the hell is that?
Who made the monster?
Okada. you ...
They're too much of a hindrance.
We are gathered to be with the high firs
Overthrow the corrupt government
can also say
We're going to be new legends.
Those guys are always in front of the show.
It's so unsightly.
They're blocking our way.
It's time to send them to old legends.
And then to build a new legend.
It's not going to be them next to that guy.
It's us!
Red Cherry is ...
To imitate my father's name.
Weapons made for warships
It builds artificial intelligence.
Can be parasitic on the user. manipulating its body.
The battle process will be computerized.
Ability to upgrade by experience
It's a life knife.
It's a parasitic beast.
Can he talk later?
Does he say my name is Mickey?
Only one of the Edo people would do that.
Please. stop my brother.
Gaoshan those people.
To use it to get Edo into war.
This is crazy
In the age of war with cannon. make this demon knife
You said you wanted to use it to overthrow the shogunate.
It's crazy.
The person who realizes the crazy pioneering. is heroes
I'm not raving about what I can't do.
I want them to know.
The Samurai and the sword are not extinct.
I'm not interested in your calculations or your goals.
A knife maker is only born to forge a good knife.
The only thing I want to say is ...
This knife
There's nothing to chop!
I don't know the ins and outs.
But your brother is involved in a very bad event.
So
So I'm being used by your brother.
He wanted me to find a knife. but I was trying to suck my blood.
Or do I have a grudge against him?
Maybe both.
This is really too much.
You know all about it?
Knowing the purpose of his brother. he was silent.
And now you're begging me to stop your brother?
Is your cheek a phone book?
No one's using the phone book.
Sorry. it's my fault.
You're right. I know all about it.
But my brother will be in danger.
That's why I haven't told anyone yet.
I love my brother's sister.
Your brother's helping.
A!
Swords are just chopping knives.
No matter how hard you forge
Can't choose the holder.
That's what my dead father said.
This sentence is deep in our hearts
My brother is an idiot who knows how to forge a knife.
He was obsessed with his work and
wanted to surpass his father's achievements.
He's a long way from master Ren Tie.
His dad's a teacher.
Son probably can't count on it.
He was obsessed and started studying mechanical electricians.
That's when he started to mingle with strange people.
I'm aware that those people are not good.
But never stopped him.
I told myself to concentrate on forging a knife.
Do a good job of industry
I know knives are just chopping knives.
I know that knives are just props for killing.
But I'm not reconciled.
My brother's work is so bad.
But it's too late.
Things are happening to situations I can't stop.
I don't know what to do
Needless to say you. I'm helpless.
You see. I'm seriously wounded.
Confusion in the brain
Hey
I don't want your condolences.
I'm sick of it.
A
Damn. Okada. that guy's a jerk.
Again!
Give me another bowl of Aru.
Is the girl crazy?
Another bowl of Aru.
You're freaking out?
A girl of this age
The food looks most beautiful.
It's pathetic to eat alone.
So I arranged it.
God has finished eating again! To lead overwhelmingly!
Give me another bowl!
The food on board will be eaten up.
Kill her!
How can you kill her without giving her information?
Another bowl of Aru!
The sister of God Le
You eat so fast!
After the eruption of Meng Zi
Here it comes
Or am I going to kill you first?
Calm down. girls of this age
2 or 3 years from now.
Seniors. you're over her head.
I'm not Lori. I'm a feminist.
Whatever you want.
Anyway. end this TV championship.
You see
Her gunshot wound was healed last night.
Unusual Strange Force
and snow-white skin ...
Tender Translucent skin!
Seniors. you're really restraining yourself.
Tell me I'm a feminist. I love kids.
This is called Lori Control!
Well. u would not understand. stupid
You're retarded
I'm talking about ...
Her features and match the night Rabbit family. to die
You only die
It is that mercenary troops the night Rabbit family do?
She was sent to attack
Shinsuke adult professional killer?
Who hired her to come?
Whether she asked several times only say wig
Perhaps the school is small Bo the monster watches
You fooled by her friends
You see. the kind of girl I could easily kill
Hey. little bitch!
Hey idiot genius Bo
She really stupid like a genius Bo it. Kagura sister
See how I kill you
Do not get excited. she becomes another
2 or 3 years of Taisho sister
Do not stop me! Wu City metamorphosis!
I'm not sick. are seniors!
I worry more
I think you have to go out pair of body
Pair body to fight only your death
Yes
I'm sorry for the girl. but do nothing
A silver
You do not mess Oh come
Little new music and God can not live without you
Yes
Perhaps you've a lot of crazy stories
But now is not the age to be able to mess up
Do not read broken. I will not go out friends
I go and buy Shonen Jump
Saturday corner grocery store to sell
Well. I buy
(Knife Kaji waiting for me everything in the house)
I am sorry
My age do not want to mess up
(I love this umbrella. I still remember after)
I really do not candid woman
Silly man
I have heard
Expression pretend handsome ah
You're not the police?
Trespass houses right?
I do this all ...
For you
This is a crime!  Do said as he Shuashuai!
Follow-on to us really selected group
That is not handsome!  Gorilla!
To really Shinsengumi
Do not play the Kabuki!  Give me go!
Hey. kid
How have not seen you
I. ah. you forgot?
You ah. sorry sorry
Really
who are you
You're not here right people
I. ah. you forget?
It's you. I'm sorry
Really. kidding me
Unexpected works. no wonder telephone fraud well earned
(Outside source)
Hello there
What brings silver boss when everything is blowing up house
Can I say something to you straight?
Please say
I'm going with the robot and so on ...
It has a strong intelligent man duel of knives
Samurai movies are not going to fight it with an injury
Similar lion costume pieces Tang Peony feeling
I feel no chance of winning
I see. so you want to turn to my machine
And my wound is also full of pain
We hope to have the tools to easily victorious
Easy win ah?
Samurai movie protagonist of this line can not speak 100%
Ah. the truth. the more relaxed the better
I want to live a little longer
More than twice as long letter. I want you
You should not talk about heroes crazy talk Hey lines
But my family is now only ...
This one!  I want this!
With this must win!
Not work
I just fix that Taiwan. people today want to come and collect
Hello there
Boss. finished yet?
You just come. just repaired
Perfect. thank you
Will this may I borrow it?
- let you see it
- uh. I have seen
Please ask money to repair Wenggong Guo Ji
The people there are so old you?
Because he was just a kid
You just want to talk about this famous. right?
Relative stick man?  Note: stick with well-known TV show
You look good!  Combat power should be full of it!
You are Aer Dai West?
I was Sakata
Then I go back and side 7 ...
I want to put a little urine. can borrow the bathroom?
Well. over there
Speak a horrible release of urine
I recently changed the number of times more. and smell sweet ignorance
That is diabetes
I usually use a three-speed in the past
A relatively fast?
That is the usual one-third ...
Of silver when you use this. must win
Why did not you have something good out
For you to eat. eat after ...
This ah
Rubber physical body will become
Hey I do not want to be One Piece
When silver freely telescoping
looks nice
To stand on the great waterway Well
Real trouble. I'm not so in love with the sea
All lie to you. that is a fake prop
It was a star of the ordinary cantaloupe. bad situation. you Bensi
How could it become rubber man
You see a lot Shonen Jump
Children's cartoon idiot. not retractile
Shonen Jump watching too much ...
it hurts
Hurts you. do not fight staggered
You recovered it. hit hurts!  Definitely win!
it hurts
Sakata teacher
Hello there
Hey. little girl
The extreme fast aging mother unhappy
U do not spit out the real purpose
I'm really going to kill you. please say
As long as u tell the truth
We can work two or three years
Spit it out fast
She vomited
U really fit our requirements
She vomited again
I is how it happens
This is not ...
My stomach with children ...
You eat too much plus seasickness idiot friends
(Guaihou shrieking)
Kagura is really a humorous girl
Not kill the child so interesting
Could you shut up. Lolicon seniors
Time is up
You death is to
Under the gun to keep people
I can not watch
Female partner is crazy to kill
New eight!  You save me Aru!
Yes. ah. I'm sorry I'm late. Kagura
Who goes
I just told you
I was her partner
How many men come in with you?
End Di. how do you now?
Do not toot mouth end of Di
Do the mouth wriggling
You're not a person come?
I came bang
really?
People ...
Really thought too much ...
A person who broke into the
Is Oh. you are sorting clothes?
I'm sorry what's that sound?
What are you wearing?
Kimono buttons do?
Sound radio button is no problem right?
You use this state to fight it?
If the fight can not snatch away her way
Of course I will fight!
I think should not be
I can kill him?
Go ahead
Wait!
Please let him go
That was just a stupid idiot wearing glasses glasses male friends
Kagura sister I'm sorry. I'm not interested teenagers
Shinpachi!
How is this going!?
True selected group!  Fleet true to our selected group of fire!
what did you say?
Damn. Okada are victims!
Full on battle position!
I'm coming to u. and Kagura
New eight. I've been waiting for you Aru
I am sorry
A silver it?  He did not come?
Will. ah. and so he came
Yo
Sorry to bother when you are hurt.
Your guests come
A door to do earth-shattering
Thanks to you
To advance with the lackeys Shogun showdown
I heard you killed Katsura
And also the way silver rally
For this reason in particular. to take advantage of Murata ...
So?
Made huge data yet?
Murata will be very happy
He bent on pursuing only make the sword more powerful
how do you feel?
Past comrades easily be made out
You sad?
still is...
You grow very powerful arm of the Well
See you live in peace. I can rest assured
This is called "one Body" it
I go to pick up the pieces
Repulsed them. I do not care about your mistakes this time
Anyway later still with them for the
then...
I'm not allowed to say and they are comrades
We are not the kind of mindless blood relations
Do not you dare say it once again
I'll cherry and red are extinGuished
I probably grasp the situation
But Gui really here?
Given Chun said. and do no wrong Aru
Well. everyone attack go!
Eat that before killing it on
If you cut is not bleeding. it is sprayed mayonnaise
I do not eat that no effort
nausea
let's go
Kondo Director
Please stay on board
It was a desperate war. there will be a large number of casualties
In case something happens and you have
True selected group will be rudderless
The total Wu
I vowed when the creation of true selected group
No matter of life and death are with you
This is the spirit of the Secretary-hoon Kondo
Kondo Director
True selected group will not die
You really understand
Kondo Director
bring it on
We play it a ghost
Kondo Secretary!
- we go
- good
Hey
It seems to have started the war
The outcome would not have been out of it than
Red Poppy combat equivalent of waving a ten war craft
Simply fluctuations gun!
Or Kamehameha? How strong is the power?
The two I have not seen. less out
In short ... I put to you
what is this?
This is my knife fight
You can not deal with the red cherry wood knife. with which the bar
I have no opinion. but this is what?
Hilt ornaments weird
This is entirely a big ...
This is not a stool. curly Dragon
I'm not done you refute
On behalf of you also feel like feces ah
But how would you go?
You like your brother does not listen to people speak?
Ignoring the brother and sister?
When silver
Just very sorry that you use
That's what I just fixed.
The guest promised to borrow you first.
Please come up.
This is not the Wind valley. sure can fly?
Is that okay? Not stepping on the wrong line?
Get up before the bug gets angry.
Yes. sir
Is that really okay?
It's a smart change.
It's not as good as the only Shaw.
Depart. Silver.
Thank you. Nadia.
I really can use it.
(OK)
The real selection team is here.
Okada
Like hide
You're under arrest. Okada.
To arrest you for a random crime in Edo City.
You dare come. the Shogun's lackeys.
What the!
That's no longer the sword.
Oh. hey. yo.
Is that what the true choice of Megatron is all about?
No way... Deputy Chief. do it.
Come on. chop it up!
Hey! Total Enlightenment! Don't go!
Just a cop. don't try to catch case.
No way!
This is okada like possession of the knife ...
There are so many ...
Oh. my gosh.
This is not where your kids should be.
You are case help
Why are you attacking a!
You are not partners!
Attack a? What happened to a?
Partner ...
That sounds good.
Silver with your little heads on?
What did you do to the silver Aru?
In your answer. I may have your life. Aru.
Then I'll let you and your favorite silver
To live a happy life in the Kingdom of Heaven
- Elizabeth!
(Dangerous here. run away)
Elizabeth. you're not dead.
(Run away)
But he's very good. Elizabeth.
(To me)
Elizabeth!
When was the costume party on the boat?
I told you this is not a place for kids.
I am not a child. I am Gui
Your hair is weird.
Jin. help Your Excellency!
Oh. this is an unexpected visitor.
I didn't expect to see the dead here.
I still have a memento of the world.
Back from the afterlife.
Being framed by a former partner. I can't be reborn.
Isn't that right. Gao Shan?
We take turns talking about partners
It's a hat I can't afford.
You still have that stuff.
Looks like we're all stupid.
Does it block the red cherry from hitting you?
The past should cherish
Whether it's your instructions or the guy's arbitrariness.
I can't turn a blind eye to your present behavior.
I am sorry
To get you two involved in a dispute.
I'm going to decide this is my personal lockdown.
Be found dead easier to snoop around.
Obviously. it's more obvious.
I'm sorry. wig.
I'm sorry to make you run a special trip.
But my ambition will not end here.
Wait a minute! Gaoshan! Let's Talk!
This is for us. Aru.
You're going to have a long conversation with the firs.
You two?
Going back will make you pay.
If anything happens to you. I can't explain it to silver.
Stop it.
But you lied to us.
Add vinegar to kelp for one year
Thank you!
Looks like you're full of two.
If I knew. I'd kill you first.
Don't underestimate the vice-Chief of the real-choice group.
I call myself a feminist.
Sometimes the devil.
I hate people for messing up my delicate plans.
This is feminism.
It doesn't matter.
I don't understand.
What is your position here?
It's not busy. and it's not a real choice.
Certainly not our accomplice.
What kind of organization are you?
What is the purpose? Who sent it?
We are the stupidest warriors in the whole universe! You bastard!
How are you doing
You guys ...
He's my guest.
You're not going to grab the cedar. so watch out.
But your body is still wounded ...
You're almost there.
The police are going to do what the police do.
Do not the.
The House
My eyes are completely invisible.
Can only feel the light
You're a shining presence.
Very sharp silver.
But it's so strange ...
The light that you emit
I don't even look at it.
What are you doing here?
What's the damage like?
Are you out of your mind?
You're in bad shape. aren't you?
You look really bad. diarrhea?
You're the one with the stomach.
Hey. what's wrong? You're bleeding.
Wig
You see. Silver came.
He was stupid.
In the flesh against the ship.
That's not human action.
The body can't keep up with the red Cherry's instructions.
frequently issued a sad
The man's going to die.
You should know that.
What happens when you use red cherry?
He's your partner.
Don't you have a problem with that?
That's the way he chooses.
That's the way he wants to die.
The death of Hope?
That's right.
He wants a man with a knife.
To be the guardian of the high cedar.
Instead of going back to the dark
It's better to dive into the fire.
His eyes were blinded by the fire
So small. I can only see light.
What a pathetic. stupid man.
But there is beauty beyond good and evil.
Like a sword. his consciousness is beautiful.
What a beautiful place!
That kind of monster is what brother wants to do?
Just stop it.
I don't want to see your knife hurt anymore.
Case
Why did you bring that man up here?
Didn't you bring him here to die?
You think your blunt knife will win red cherry?
How can it be!
It's close to the red cherry!
No...
It's a lot more powerful.
No way...
Like Tibetan adults. even if their physical energy
is consumed by the red tassel
The ability of the red tassel itself will be improved with the data.
No way!
The man grew faster than the red tassel!
Wrong...
It's a death fight.
To evoke the battle memory of the sleeping body?
Is that...
That is ...
... White Fork
I can't swing ...
The light of an eyesore ...
I can't get rid of this silver in any way.
Always lingering ...
I guess you used to practice in the dojo.
But this is the first time in combat.
Your hands are shaking!
No!
So the sword looks like a lot of it.
Yes. I used to play pencils like that.
That's incredible.
Yes. incredible.
I see. there are many!
You want to distract me?
You're a terrible swordsman.
I win by the head.
This guy's too weak to win.
I'm interested in this pain.
The Recruit
She's dead.
100 years before I tried to stab me in the back! You little brat!
A!
A
What is this?
Okada?
I want to see the 3-year-old sister of God.
Predecessors!
To hide. have you lost your mind?
His consciousness was diverted by the red cherry ...
Damn. the last thing that's going to happen.
He's completely over the red cherry.
The loss of self-possession. the whole body into a sword
Even the White Fork can't stop it.
That's the whole picture of red cherry!
That's the strongest sword!
Only those who have a persistent mind
and no distractions can have
You people who are very ordinary can not stop it.
Can't swing
An eyesore of silver
Lingering
I'll be right there.
Tiezi
No way! Can't let him die!
We can't let this sword kill anyone else.
Let's get these tentacles loose.
I don't understand
Tell me. iron son. why don't you understand me?
I've been giving it all to the red tassel
I lose my conscience. my morals and everything.
It's all I have.
Without it. I have nothing.
Tiezi
Brother ...
A!
Brother. cheer up.
I get it
I thought I'd lost it.
Outside the sword.
I don't mean to be human.
A knife maker.
Live to forge a sword
But... At the end of the last ...
You're the only one I can't lose
A determination to show a flaw
Can't play the strongest sword
Those are not worldly possessions!
There's no such thing as worldly possessions
You said you left everything to live for the sword?
That's the job?
Stop pretending.
You're just too much trouble.
There's no way to carry a lot of responsibility.
The guy with the as face of life.
He's a professional.
Let's see.
How much power do you have in your mouth?
How sharp is your sister's knife to the whole heart?
You better keep your eyes wide open.
A. don't be silly! Don't go head-to-head with red cherry!
A
Tiezi
What kind of sword do you want to play?
The Sword of The Guardian
What the? The voice is too small!
A sword to protect.
The Sword of the special protector.
It's like your style.
I guess I ...
Not enough skill.
Tiezi
You want to be a
Good knife maker ...
I can't hear you
You're going to yell like a regular hara. I can't hear you.
Gaoshan
I hate you. so far
But I've always been your partner.
When do we start to be strangers?
What do you want to say?
Indeed. our starting point is the same place.
But since then. we've been looking at different directions.
Everybody's on their own.
Life in different directions
I haven't changed since then.
Now you lose the heart of the blade
It seems to be just a freak of destruction.
The country can certainly overthrow
But your methods endanger the residents of Edo.
I can't sit on it.
The things I look at
No different.
I ...
Gaoshan. how dare you!
Gui's head can sell a good price.
Gaoshan! Are you allied with heaven?
I'm sorry
I can't protect him.
Please listen to me.
You're not dead.
I feel like this ship is going to be ruined.
Can you help me take them back?
Boss. you hurt yourself like that.
That means. ah. silver.
Really. silver. you're going to die.
Don't worry. that guy's my friend.
Believe me
I'll convince him.
All right?
Oh. please.
Good
Hey. you want me to leave the red cherry?
You're working with heaven.
Gaoshan. you don't even have a conscience.
That's funny.
You were seriously injured and you beat Red cherry?
Are we fighting to defeat heaven?
Silver Time
I draw my sword to the country and the partners in your mouth.
None of that matters.
You think about it.
Who taught us to use swords?
Teach US Bushido?
And who is the man who lives?
The man who created the world for us is no doubt
Songyang Teacher
Think
The world took the teacher from us.
So we have to declare war on this world.
We can only destroy this merciless world.
Silver when I asked you
What is your motivation for living?
Why would you do nothing?
Living in the world of the teacher?
Sundae is delicious.
I don't think there's anything to be destroyed in the world.
Instead. I ...
There's so much to protect!
Gaoshan!
Get the hell out! Want to Die!
Be careful to be beaten into a beehive!
Help Your Excellency. let's go.
Way
I'm aware that one day I'll be on him.
Silver Time
Bantian!
Don't meddle.
Come on
Do you dare to kill me?
You're still naive.
Maybe too much sugar.
Silver. that's the bomb I set up at the factory.
The blast will blow the ship to pieces.
I told you.
Ready to be so thoughtful
Are you Lupin III's associates?
How else would we hide from the real election team now?
Just ...
I didn't think he had it on his hands.
Everyone starts out in the same place.
Didn't think ...
Now it's so far away
Silver When you remember
This?
Well. I lost my ramen soup.
Sister
You're back.
Welcome back
Heaven and man occupy this city
Alone in Edo.
Still looking for tonight
Where I live
In the empty shuttle crowd
As if a stray dog
Tonight
Sometimes against the teeth. blood boiling!
Hey!
Can not this song concludes it!
We are the universe's most stupid warrior! You're darn!
Hello there?